Summary Chapter in 3.1 Re-Order #488 (#489)
OWASP/wstg: document/3-The_OWASP_Testing_Framework/1-Penetration_Testing_Methodologies.md

## Summary

- OWASP Testing Guide
- Penetration Testing Execution Standard
- PCI Penetration Testing Guide
- Penetration Testing Framework

> - NIST 800-115
> - Information Systems Security Assessment Framework (ISSAF)
> - Open Source Security Testing Methodology Manual (OSSTMM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment (NIST800-115)
  - Information Systems Security Assessment Framework (ISSAF)
  - Open Source Security Testing Methodology Manual (OSSTMM)
```
